DOC-3329: Premium Plugins Installation and Bundling Documentation for NPM (#3928)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/external_plugins-premium-npm.adoc

> === Using premium plugins from NPM with `+external_plugins+`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Using premium plugins from NPM with `+external_plugins+` option
```

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  external_plugins: {
    'advcode': '/node_modules/tinymce-premium/plugins/advcode/plugin.min.js',
    'licensekeymanager': '/node_modules/tinymce-premium/plugins/licensekeymanager/plugin.min.js',
    'tinycomments': '/node_modules/tinymce-premium/plugins/tinycomments/plugin.min.js'
  },
  plugins: 'advcode tinycomments',
  // ... other configuration
});
----

[NOTE]
====
This assumes the `+node_modules+` directory is accessible from your web server. In production, you may need to copy the plugin files to a public directory.
====

==== Relative to TinyMCE `+base_url+`

Use a relative path (without leading "`+/+`") to specify plugins relative to the TinyMCE `+base_url+`:

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  base_url: '/tinymce', // TinyMCE location
  external_plugins: {
    'advcode': '../../node_modules/tinymce-premium/plugins/advcode/plugin.min.js',
    'licensekeymanager': '../../node_modules/tinymce-premium/plugins/licensekeymanager/plugin.min.js',
    'tinycomments': '../../node_modules/tinymce-premium/plugins/tinycomments/plugin.min.js'

>   },

Reviewer: @ltrouton, could you confirm whether the above config for relative path will work in the production environment? I suspect the whole `node_modules` folder needs to be accessible in production

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that is a good point. The integrator needs to first copy the `tinymce-premium` folder from `node_modules` into the public `/tinymce` directory. That needs to be done as a build step, and will not be done automatically in the tinymce config

I probably wouldn't put `node_modules` in the the path as it will add more confusion than anything. If we are talking about having external plugins relative to the `base_url` then a premium plugin could be accessed from`<base_url>/tinymce-premium/plugins/advcode/plugin.min.js'`. 

```suggestion
Use a relative path (without leading "`+/+`") to specify plugins relative to the TinyMCE `+base_url+`:

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  base_url: '/tinymce', // TinyMCE location
  external_plugins: {
    'advcode': 'tinymce-premium/plugins/advcode/plugin.min.js',
    'licensekeymanager': 'tinymce-premium/plugins/licensekeymanager/plugin.min.js',
    'tinycomments': 'tinymce-premium/plugins/tinycomments/plugin.min.js'
  },
```
